Time for our first Power BI service login.
So this is the landing page of Power BI service,
if you have already an account like I have, you can simply sign-in right here,
if you don't have an account, simply create a new one quickly and sign-in
then. There is only one important thing that you have to know.
If you only have a private domain like a gmail address, you cannot sign into Power BI service,
so you need a work or a school or university e-mail domain to be able to use Power BI.
As soon as you get that, you can simply click onto sign-in right here,
then you can select the account that you want to sign-in with,
in my case this is the first one
right here, then enter your password which I will not show you right now
and then we are here.
So this is the first time we logged into Power BI service together.
Now we could start directly and think about how to get data and how to work with that
but I think again, it makes more sense if we take a first closer look at the interface of Power BI
service.
Let's do that in the next video.